so for the half double crochet or you
have to chain two after the first after
this row chain 2 12 this is actually
called the turning on the turning chain
you turn your work over and then you
yarn over before you go through the
first stitch so you pull yarn over again
you pull the yarn through the stitch or
through the yeah through the stitch and
then yarn over and then you pull the
yarn all or through all the three loops
so showing you again yarn over pull the
yarn through and then you pull the yarn
through three loops so that's all you do
for the half double crochet the next one
I'm going to show you is called the
double crochet for the double crochet
you have to chain three after the first
row one two three so after you do that
you turn your work around and then you
yarn over and go through the first
stitch so now you have three loops on
your crochet hook and then yarn over and
then this time you're going to pull the
yarn through two loops only and then
you're going to yarn over and then pull
it through the last two loops so you do
the same for the rest of the stitches so
the next one I'm going to show you is
called the triple crochet so after this
row I'm going to chain four instead of
three one two three four
and then I have to turn my work and then
I have two yarn over twice before I go
through the stitch so look like that and
then I would pull the yarn through two
at a time just like the other one so you
do that so yarn over twice pull the yarn
through yarn over again yarn through and
then yarn over and then the yarn through
the last two so that's all you have to
do for this I'm going to finish the
whole thing but as you can see the first
two rows are the single crochets and the
holes are smaller and then as you go
through the half double crochet double
crochet and the triple crochet the holes
get bigger so depending on the pattern
or depending on your style you can just
switch it up and do like any of these
stitches please feel free to leave
comments or send me a message if
anything is unclear to you and I will be
happy to clarify it and thank you guys
for watching I will talk to you guys
later bye